
lsl-mode.el has received some changes and additions.  It is now
supposed to be used with auto-complete-mode, which in turn is supposed
to be used with yasnippet.

You should have both auto-complete-mode[2] and yasnippet[1] installed,
preferably from their respective repos because some versions may not
work together.  In my setup, I have linked their respecive directories
under ~/emacs/auto-complete and ~/emacs/yasnippet.  If you use
different directories, you need to adjust auto-lsl-mode.el.

You can use lsl-mode.el without auto-complete-mode and yasnippet; they
are not required.  In that case, you can comment out everything that
refers to them in auto-lsl-mode.el and in lsl-mode.el.

Yasnippets for lsl are not yet (as of 2014-03-09) provided in the
repo.  I´m working on them.

The hi-lock-mode is part of emacs, so you probably have that anyway.
It is simply expected to be available.  You can comment it out as well
if you need to.

You should byte-compile both lsl-mode.el and auto-lsl-mode.el.  In
your ~/.emacs, make sure that auto-lsl-mode is loaded, like:


(load "~/emacs/auto-lsl-mode")


That´s all because auto-lsl-mode.el loads lsl-mode --- auto-lsl-mode
is NOT a mode.  The file will probably be renamed once I can think of
a better name because the name is misleading.

In case you don´t want/need the wrapper, you can load lsl-mode
directly:


(load "~/emacs/lsl-mode")


Key bindings are:


(define-key lsl-mode-map (kbd "C-c h") 'lsl-lookup-lsl-ref2)
(define-key lsl-mode-map (kbd "C-c a") 'lsl-astyle-buffer)

;; highlight-symbol-at-point is by default bound to C-x w .
;; when hi-lock-mode is enabled
;;
(define-key lsl-mode-map (kbd "C-x w c") 'lsl-hi-lock-constant)
(define-key lsl-mode-map (kbd "C-x w f") 'lsl-hi-lock-functionlike)

;; put indenting on F6
;;
(define-key lsl-mode-map (kbd "<f6>") 'lsl-indent-defun)


When you make modifications to lsl-mode.el, byte-compile it again and
M-x my-reload-lsl.  my-reload-lsl is a function to sanely reload
lsl-mode.  (This function is the main reason to have auto-lsl-mode.el
since putting it into lsl-mode.el itself probably won´t work because
the function would disappear when lsl-mode is unloaded ...)  If you
don´t want to modify lsl-mode.el, you don´t need to reload it.

You may also want to check out lsl-modeset-all-buffers.  It enables
lsl-mode for all buffers that visit files the names of which match
".*\.lsl$".

Generally, lsl-mode should be enabled automatically.  However,
desktop-save-mode apparently remembers the modes of buffers and
sometimes seems to mess with it.  M-x lsl-mode is preferred unless you
have to do it for many buffers, in which case 'M-x
lsl-modeset-all-buffers' will save you the work.

lsl-mode puts a defadvice to hi-lock-set-file-patterns provided by
hi-lock-mode, see lsl-mode.el.

Buffers with lsl-mode have hi-lock-mode NOT ask whether the
highlighting-patterns should be applied or not.  They are applied
without asking, and an informative message is printed.

You may want to customize faces: 'M-x customize-group
font-lock-faces'.  lsl-mode uses those; some more may be specified by
lsl-mode itself eventually.


2014-03-09


[1]: see http://www.emacswiki.org/emacs/Yasnippet and
     https://github.com/capitaomorte/yasnippet

[2]: see http://www.emacswiki.org/emacs/AutoComplete and
     https://github.com/auto-complete/auto-complete
